for this install you'll want a socket
driver ten millimeter socket four
millimeter allen seventeen millimeter
wrench and a ten millimeter wrench
first thing you want to do is remove the
bolts holding on the seat right here use
a ten millimeter socket once the bolts
are removed you can remove the seat
the ten millimeter socket then remove
these two bolts right here and you'll
want a 17 millimeter wrench to loosen up
the nuts on the turn signals you'll want
to completely remove the nut and pull
the signals out this rack comes with two
different bolt rack comes with two
different bolt lengths shorter and
longer shorter the front tabs whereas
the longer one is used to mount the side
tabs see take the the washer and slide
it on to the small bolt for the front
tab and then take the night lock locking
nut and start screwing it in this will
require a ten millimeter wrench and a
four millimeter allen wrench note also
that these bolts here you want them
towards the center of those slotted
holes you likewise for the side tab this
tab this tab goes on the edge slide the
longer bolt through and put the nylock
not right here still using a ten
millimeter wrench and a four millimeter
allen wrench
now that you get the turn signals out
what you can do is just slide with the
slotted hole here slide that through the
turn single wire and stick your turn
signal back in doing likewise on the
other side here too and find your nut
back here and start cinching this up
since I'm thing right now on this rack
is snug but not wrench tight you want to
slide these front tabs here to line up
over this hole and take your vault and
screw it in note the slight V shape here
of these two tabs you want to have them
in that shape in order to allow
clearance for the seat when you put it
back on now that you have everything
mounted you can come and start snugging
everything up nice and slightly
now that the rack is all snuck is all
snugged up you can slide your seat
there's a tab right here that goes
underneath that that hold there so you
want to kind of push it down slide it
sometimes I see is a little tricky to
get the bolts started just make sure the
threads and the sea are lined up with
the hole sign it back up even though
this rack mounts are the same spots as
the Yamaha authorized factory rack with
the way we've designed the tabs here in
the front you don't need to trim any of
the plastic on the seat itself in order
to accommodate the rack you can see here
it's a lift up the whole rear of the
bike very very solid clap